README.md, before:

# MB-Lab

Character creation tool for Blender

## Blender 4.0 Support

MB-Lab has been developed to work with Blender 4.0

## Contributors wanted!

We are a small bunch of developers and artists but we always need more! MB-Lab's code is quite complex and needs work, to either fix bugs or to add new features, Python programmers are always welcome! Do you have other skills? We need modelers to help with future base models for instance. Are you a specialist in rigging? We could use some help improving the rigs for MB-Lab. There are lots to do in this project, we can only do so much at a time so please feel free to join us, fork the repository and then make something cool.

## About

MB-Lab is a community developed project based off ManuelBastioniLAB.

This fork is an attempt to keep this addon going forward as the original author is no longer developing ManuelBastioniLAB

# MB-Lab 1.8.0

## Requirements

- MB-Lab now requires Blender 4.0.0 +

## Added

## Changed

- MBLabSkin3 is a now based off of the 1.7.6 shader
- AutoUpdater is disabled

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed bugs in various files to make it work with Blender 4.0
- 

## Known Issues

- MB-Dev tools may contain bugs that are unknown at this time
- Importing BVH animation files is buggy
- Hair presets have the old PrincipledHairBSDF which will result in incorrect rendering
- Skin color and bump mapping change slightly when finalizing

## ManuelBastioniLAB 1.6.1a

We are including this for historical purposes as the website, videos and social media accounts are offline.

The version 1.6.1a of ManuelbastioniLAB, the free and open source character editor for Blender, is still available for download at Direct download: [manuelbastionilab_161a.zip](https://github.com/NumesSanguis/FACSvatar/releases/download/v0.3.4-alpha-release/manuelbastionilab_161a.zip)

Commit message:

Skin Shader update Added additional licenses, removed AFPL Started to shrink JSON files for readability

README.md, after:

# MB-Lab

Character creation tool for Blender

## Blender 4.0 Support

MB-Lab has been developed to work with Blender 4.0

## Contributors wanted!

We are a small bunch of developers and artists but we always need more! MB-Lab's code is quite complex and needs work, to either fix bugs or to add new features, Python programmers are always welcome! Do you have other skills? We need modelers to help with future base models for instance. Are you a specialist in rigging? We could use some help improving the rigs for MB-Lab. There are lots to do in this project, we can only do so much at a time so please feel free to join us, fork the repository and then make something cool.

## About

MB-Lab is a community developed project based off ManuelBastioniLAB.

This fork is an attempt to keep this addon going forward as the original author is no longer developing ManuelBastioniLAB

# MB-Lab 1.8.0

## Requirements

- MB-Lab now requires Blender 4.0.0 +

### Added

- Melanin map added that adds variance to the skin pigment

## Changed

- MBLabSkin3 is a now based off of the 1.7.6 shader with modifications
- AutoUpdater is disabled
- SubD levels have increased for better visuals
- Some menus rearranged for better workflow
- Added new license types in MB-Dev, also removed AFPL due to restrictive nature

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed bugs in various files to make it work with Blender 4.0

## Known Issues

- MB-Dev tools may contain bugs that are unknown at this time
- Importing BVH animation files is buggy
- Hair presets have the old PrincipledHairBSDF which will result in incorrect rendering
- Skin color and bump mapping change slightly when finalizing

## ManuelBastioniLAB 1.6.1a

We are including this for historical purposes as the website, videos and social media accounts are offline.

The version 1.6.1a of ManuelbastioniLAB, the free and open source character editor for Blender, is still available for download at Direct download: [manuelbastionilab_161a.zip](https://github.com/NumesSanguis/FACSvatar/releases/download/v0.3.4-alpha-release/manuelbastionilab_161a.zip)
